OSDOCS-1256, update Updating a cluster by using the web console procedure (#24773)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-upgrading-web.adoc

====
For production clusters, you must subscribe to a stable-* or fast-* channel.
====
** If the *Update Status* is not *Updates Available*, you cannot upgrade your
cluster.

> ** *Select Channel* indicates the cluster version that your cluster is running

Reviewer: `Current Version` or `Last 
```suggestion
** *Current Version* or *Last Completed Version* indicates the cluster version that your cluster is running
```

> ** *Select Channel* indicates the cluster version that your cluster is running

Reviewer 2: Here should be:
”Last Completed Version“ indicates the cluster version that your cluster is running.

or is updating to.

> . Click *Updates Available*, select

Reviewer 2: For 4.6, to choose a version to update, need click the button "Update". No button "Updates Available"

the highest available version
endif::between[]
and click *Update*.

> The *Update Status* changes to `Updating`, and you can review the progress of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Update Status* changes to `Update to {version} in progress`, and you can review the progress of the cluster update by watching the progress bars for the operators and nodes.
```

the highest available version
endif::between[]
and click *Update*.
The *Update Status* changes to `Update to {version} in progress`, and you can review the progress of the cluster update by watching the progress bars for the operators and nodes.

> the Operator upgrades on the *Cluster Operators* tab.

Reviewer: Need to cut this line now.
